Pullupstream/v0.5.0 rc4 (#52)
0xPolygon/cdk-validium-node: docs/diff/diff.md

# Diff

> This repo is a fork from [zkevm-node](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez.zkevm-node). The puirpose of the fork is to implement tha Validium consensus, enabling data availability to be posted outside of L1.

Reviewer: Minor typos:

```suggestion
This repo is a fork from [zkevm-node](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez.zkevm-node). The purpose of the fork is to implement the Validium consensus, enabling data availability to be posted outside of L1.
```
